add github actions and gemini cli security scans (#8)
ypenn21/adk-agents: plans/QUALITY_GATES_HITL.md

### Implementation Pattern

Add a step in your workflow that aggregates reports and uses Gemini to evaluate them against specific criteria.

```yaml
      - name: 'Quality Gate Decision'
        env:
          GOOGLE_GENAI_USE_VERTEXAI: 'true'
          GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT: ${{ vars.GCP_PROJECT_ID }}
        run: |
          # Aggregate reports
          echo "### SECURITY SCAN ###" > final_report.txt
          cat reports/security-scan.txt >> final_report.txt
          echo "### PII SCAN ###" >> final_report.txt
          cat reports/pii-scan.txt >> final_report.txt
          echo "### COVERAGE ANALYSIS ###" >> final_report.txt
          cat reports/coverage-analysis.txt >> final_report.txt

          # Gemini Evaluation
          gemini -p "Act as a Release Engineer. Review this combined report. 
          Quality Gate Criteria:
          1. Zero 'High' severity security vulnerabilities in source code.
          2. Zero PII leaks (emails/phones).
          3. Zero 'High' or 'Critical' vulnerabilities in third-party packages (SCA).
          4. PR reviews must not identify 'Critical' missing tests or architectural flaws.
          

>           If the criteria are met, output 'GATE_PASSED'. 
>           If any fail, output 'GATE_FAILED' followed by a bulleted list of reasons. 
>           REPORT CONTENT: $(cat final_report.txt)" -y | tee reports/decision.txt

Author: <COMMENT>
🟡 Avoid command substitution in shell scripts.

Passing file contents directly into a command argument using `$(cat final_report.txt)` can cause an "Argument list too long" error and is considered an anti-pattern. While safe from command injection inside double quotes, it is safer and more robust to pipe the contents.

```suggestion
          If the criteria are met, output 'GATE_PASSED'. 
          If any fail, output 'GATE_FAILED' followed by a bulleted list of reasons." > prompt.txt
          cat prompt.txt final_report.txt | gemini -y | tee reports/decision.txt
```
</COMMENT>
